Heat Transfer
	Richard Buckius
		Magnetic Resonance Imaging,
		Lattice Boltzmann
		H2O and CO2 Mixtures, 
	Suresh Garimella
		System-Level Simulation of a Solar Power Tower Plant with Thermocline Thermal Energy Storage,
	Amy Marconnet
		Enhancing solid-liquid interface thermal transport using self-assembled monolayers
	Issam Mudawar
		Review of flow boiling and critical heat flux in microgravity
	Xiulin Ruan
		Metal/dielectric thermal interfacial transport considering cross-interface electron-phonon coupling: Theory, two-temperature molecular dynamics, and thermal circuit
	Steven F. Son
		Characterization of Ethylenediamine Bisborane as a Hypergolic Hybrid Rocket Fuel Additive
		
	David Warsinger
		Energy efficiency of batch and semi-batch (CCRO) reverse osmosis desalination
	James E. Braun
		A general multi-agent control approach for building energy system optimization
	Neera Jain
		N. Jain and A. Alleyne, "Exergy-Based Optimal Control of a Vapor Compression System." Energy Conversion and Management. (To appear)
	Jay P Gore
		Quantitative imaging of radiation from soot and carbon dioxide in a turbulent ethylene jet diffusion flame
	Jun Chen
		Refinement of particle detection by the hybrid method in digital in-line holography
	Ivan C. Christov
		Zhong Zheng, Bo Guo, Ivan C. Christov, Michael A. Celia and Howard A. Stone*, "Flow regimes for fluid injection into a confined porous medium," Journal of Fluid Mechanics 767 (2015) 881-909, doi:10.1017/jfm.2015.68. 
	Hector Gomez
		Droplet motion driven by tensotaxis
	Monika Ivantysynova
		Kumar, R. and Ivantysynova, M. Dynamic programming based optimal control for assessing the fuel economy of hydraulic hybrids. International Journal of Fluid Power. In review.
	Guang Lin
		His research is mostly in the fields Data Analytics,MAchine Learning and Statistics.
	Terrence R. Meyer
		High-speed, three-dimensional tomographic laser-induced incandescence imaging of soot volume fraction in turbulent flames.
